XPath
channel/item/link
http://dantri.com.vn/xa-hoi.rss social
http://dantri.com.vn/chinh-tri.rss social
http://dantri.com.vn/phongsu.rss social
http://dantri.com.vn/moi-truong.rss social
http://dantri.com.vn/The-Thao.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/bongtrongnuoc.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/bongquocte.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/cupchauau.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/bongdaanh.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/bongdaitalia.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/bongdataybannha.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/bongdaduc.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/tennis_duaxe.rss sport
http://dantri.com.vn/giaoduc-khuyenhoc.rss education
http://dantri.com.vn/tuyensinh.rss education
http://dantri.com.vn/duhoc.rss education
http://dantri.com.vn/guong-sang.rss education
http://dantri.com.vn/khuyen-hoc.rss education
http://dantri.com.vn/nhantaidatviet.rss education
http://dantri.com.vn/tuyen-sinh.rss education
http://dantri.com.vn/kinhdoanh.rss finance
http://dantri.com.vn/chungkhoan.rss finance
http://dantri.com.vn/thitruong.rss finance
http://dantri.com.vn/doanhnghiep.rss finance
http://dantri.com.vn/giaitri.rss entertainment
http://dantri.com.vn/van-hoa.rss culture
http://dantri.com.vn/amnhac.rss entertainment
http://dantri.com.vn/phim.rss entertainment
http://dantri.com.vn/thoitrang.rss fashion
http://dantri.com.vn/anchoi.rss entertainment
http://dantri.com.vn/skphapluat.rss social
http://dantri.com.vn/nhipsongtre.rss lifestyle
http://dantri.com.vn/nguoiviettre.rss lifestyle
http://dantri.com.vn/tinhyeu-gioitinh.rss lifestyle
http://dantri.com.vn/tinhyeu.rss lifestyle
http://dantri.com.vn/giadinh.rss lifestyle
http://dantri.com.vn/suckhoe.rss lifestyle
http://dantri.com.vn/gioitinh.rss lifestyle
http://dantri.com.vn/cong-nghe.rss it
http://dantri.com.vn/vitinh.rss it
http://dantri.com.vn/dienthoai.rss it
http://dantri.com.vn/thuthuat.rss it
http://dantri.com.vn/tingame.rss game
http://dantri.com.vn/diemgame.rss game
