XPath
channel/item/link
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=104 education
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=3 finance
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=24 finance
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=22 finance
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=105 finance
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=12 social
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=119 social
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=11 sport
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=49 sport
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=110 sport
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=7 entertainment
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=35 entertainment
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=36 entertainment
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=4 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=26 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=27 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=25 education
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=117 education
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=46 education
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=45 it
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=47 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=71 education
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=40 education
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=142 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=143 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=146 fashion
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=147 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=149 fashion
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=150 lifestyle
http://www.tienphong.vn/Page/RssView.aspx?ChannelID=13 social
