XPath
channel/item/link
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=3 social
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=6 social
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=12 lifestyle
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=17 lifestyle
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=6 social
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=94 social
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=442 social
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=7 lifestyle
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=560 lifestyle
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=194 lifestyle
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=365 lifestyle
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=13 education
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=85 education
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=14 sport
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=5 sport
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=399 sport
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=10 entertainment
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=10 culture
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=10 entertainment
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=16 it
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=67 it
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=65 it
http://tuoitre.vn/RssFeeds.aspx?ChannelID=66 it
