XPath
channel/item/link
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/xa-hoi.html social
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/nhip-song-tre.html lifestyle
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/nhip-song-tre/giao-duc.html education
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/nhip-song-tre/teen-viet.html lifestyle
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/sanh-dieu.html lifestyle
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/sanh-dieu/cong-nghe.html it
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/sanh-dieu/mobile.html it
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/am-nhac.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/am-nhac/nhac-chau-a.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/am-nhac/nhac-quoc-te.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/am-nhac/nhac-viet-nam.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/phim-anh.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/phim-anh/phim-chau-a.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/phim-anh/phim-quoc-te.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/phim-anh/phim-viet-nam.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/tinh-yeu-gioi-tinh.html lifestyle
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/giai-tri.html entertainment
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/dep.html fashion
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/dep/lam-dep.html fashion
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/dep/nguoi-dep.html fashion
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/dep/thoi-trang.html fashion
http://www.zing.vn/news/rss/hinh-su.html social
